"Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes.(Hugh Prather)",
"There are no permanent changes because change itself is permanent.(Ralph L. Woods)",
"To live is to change, and to be perfect is to change often.(John Henry Cardinal Newman)",
"Life is about change. Sometimes it’s painful. Sometimes it’s beautiful. But most of the time, it’s both.(Lana Lang)",
"They must change often, who would be constant in happiness.(Confucius)",
"One must never lose time in vainly regretting the past or in complaining against the changes which cause us discomfort, for change is the essence of life.(Anatole France)",
"To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.(Winston Churchill)",
"To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.(Henri Bergson)",
"You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.(C.S. Lewis)",
"The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings.(Kakuzo Okakura)",
"Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.(George Bernard Shaw)",
"It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.(Charles Darwin)",
"The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.(Albert Einstein)",
"The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.(Albert Einstein)",
"I’ve learned that you’ll never be disappointed if you always keep an eye on uncharted territory, where you’ll be challenged and growing and having fun.(Kirstie Alley)",
"The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.(Oprah Winfrey)",
"The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.(Friedrich Nietzsche)",
"I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.(Georg C. Lichtenberg)",
"The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new.(Socrates)",
"Let him that would move the world first move himself.(Socrates)",
"When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.(Viktor Frankl)",
"How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.(Anne Frank)",
"The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.(Charles F. Kettering)",
"We change, whether we like it or not.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.(Jim Rohn)",
"Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.(Johann Wolfgang von Goethe)",
"The one unchangeable certainty is that nothing is certain or unchangeable.(John F. Kennedy)",
"One day spent with someone you love can change everything.(Mitch Albom)",
"The price of doing the same old thing is far higher than the price of change.(Bill Clinton)",
"Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.(Walt Disney)",
"No matter how far you have gone on a wrong road, turn back.(Turkish proverb)",
"Growth is painful. Change is painful. But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong.(Mandy Hale)",
"It’s okay to be scared. Being scared means you’re about to do something really, really brave.(Mandy Hale)",
"Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.(Bertolt Brecht)",
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.(Alan W. Watts)",
"All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy, for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter into another.(Anatole France)",
"If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude.(Maya Angelou)",
"Stepping onto a brand-new path is difficult, but not more difficult than remaining in a situation, which is not nurturing to the whole woman.(Maya Angelou)",
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.(Leo Tolstoy)",
"True life is lived when tiny changes occur.(Leo Tolstoy)",
"Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant.(Anthony D’Angelo)",
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.(Barack Obama)",
"Life will only change when you become more committed to your dreams than you are to your comfort zone.(Billy Cox)",
"Life is measured by the rapidity of change, the succession of influences that modify the being.(George Eliot)",
"All is change; all yields its place and goes.(Euripides)",
"Those who expect moments of change to be comfortable and free of conflict have not learned their history.(Joan Wallach Scott)",
"When you’re through changing, you’re through.(Bruce Barton)",
"Embrace uncertainty. Some of the most beautiful chapters in our lives won’t have a title until much later.(Bob Goff)",
"When it feels scary to jump, that’s exactly WHEN you jump. Otherwise you end up staying in the same place your whole life. And that I can’t do.(Oscar Isaacs)",
"Everything flows, nothing stays still.(Heraclitus)",
"It is changing that things find purpose.(Heraclitus)",
"The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.(Alfred North Whitehead)",
"Change is the law of life, and those who look only to the past and present are certain to miss the future.(John F. Kennedy)",
"Change is inevitable in a progressive society. Change is constant.(Benjamin Disraeli)",
"Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.(Oscar Wilde)",
"Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don’t resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality.(Lao Tzu)",
"In embracing Change, entrepreneurs ensure social and economic stability.(George Gilder)",
"You must change in order to survive.(Pearl Bailey)",
"We cannot become what we want by remaining what we are.(Max Depree)",
"Change does not change tradition. It strengthens it. Change is a challenge and an opportunity, not a threat.(Prince Philip of England)",
"I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.(Jimmy Dean)",
"For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not end their troubles, it only changes them.(Marcus Annaeus Seneca)",
"Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don’t.(Steve Maraboli)",
"I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.(Steve Maraboli)",
"Change is the only evidence of life.(Evelyn Waugh)",
"Your desire to change must be greater than your desire to stay the same.(Anon.)",
"If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you.(Anon.)",
"All great changes are preceded by chaos.(Anon.)",
"Don’t make a change too complicated, just begin.(Anon.)",
"Small changes eventually add up to huge results.(Anon.)",
"You can’t change what’s going on around you until you start changing what’s going on within you.(Anon.)",
"When in doubt, choose change.(Lily Leung)",
"I have accepted fear as part of life — specifically the fear of change… I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says, ‘turn back.’(Erica Jong)",
"Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.(Rumi)",
"I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.(Mother Teresa)",
"Continuity gives us roots; change gives us branches, letting us stretch and grow and reach new heights.(Pauline R. Kezer)",
"Some changes look negative on the surface but you will soon realize that space is being created in your life for something new to emerge.(Eckhart Tolle)",
"All love shifts and changes. I don’t know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.(Julie Andrews)",
"Things don’t have to change the world to be important.(Steve Jobs)",
"The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.(Steve Jobs)",
"There is change in all things. You yourself are subject to continual change and some decay and this is common to the entire universe.(Marcus Aurelius)",
"Things do not change; we change.(Henry David Thoreau)",
"Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.(Arnold Bennett)",
"Turbulence is a life force. It is an opportunity. Let’s love turbulence and use it for change.(Ramsey Clark)",
"Every day the clock resets. Your wins don’t matter. Your failures don’t matter. Don’t stress on what was, fight for what could be.(Sean Higgins)",
"One child, one teacher, one pen, and one book can change the world.(Malala Yousafzai)",
"Readjusting is a painful process, but most of us need it at one time or another.(Arthur Chirstopher Benson)",
"Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.(Karen Kaiser Clark)",
"Everything passes; everything wears out; everything breaks.(French Proverb)",
"Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.(Harriet Tubman)",
"Play to your strengths. If you aren’t great at something, do more of what you’re great at.(Jason Lemkin)",
"If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl. But whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward.(Martin Luther King. Jr.)",
"Change your thoughts and you change your world.(Norman Vincent Peale)",
"Just take any step, whether small or large. And then another and repeat day after day. It may take months, maybe years, but the path to success will become clear.(Aaron Ross)",
"You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.(Buckminster Fuller)",
"Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.(Wayne W. Dyer)",
"The changes we dread most may contain our salvation.(Barbara Kingsolver)",
"And that is how change happens. One gesture. One person. One moment at a time.(Libba Bray)",
"One day or day one. You decide.(Anon.)"