"A bad servant will not make a good master.(Anon.)",
"A good leader leads the people from above them. A great leader leads the people from within them.(M. D. Arnold)",
"True leadership stems from individuality that is honestly and sometimes imperfectly expressed… Leaders should strive for authenticity over perfection.(Sheryl Sandberg)",
"Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate, and doubt to offer a solution everybody can understand.(Colin Powell)",
"Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.(Max Lucado)",
"The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things.(Ronald Reagan)",
"Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.(Sam Walton)",
"A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.(Lao Tzu)",
"A person always doing his or her best becomes a natural leader, just by example.(Joe DiMaggio)",
"I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion.(Alexander the Great)",
"I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.(Jack Welch)",
"The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.(Ray Kroc)",
"A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don’t necessarily want to go, but ought to be.(Rosalynn Carter)",
"Leadership is a serving relationship that has the effect of facilitating human development.(Ted Ward)",
"Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt to offer a solution everybody can understand.(Gen. Colin Powell)",
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.(John Quincy Adams)",
"The challenge of leadership is to be strong, but not rude; be kind, but not weak; be bold, but not a bully; be thoughtful, but not lazy; be humble, but not timid; be proud, but not arrogant; have humor, but without folly.(Jim Rohn)",
"One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.(Arnold Glasow)",
"A leader has been defined as one who knows the way, goes the way and shows the way.(Anon.)",
"Becoming a leader is synonymous with becoming yourself. It is precisely that simple and it is also that difficult.(Warren Bennis)",
"The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born-that there is a genetic factor to leadership. That's nonsense; in fact, the opposite is true. Leaders are made rather than born.(Warren Bennis)",
"The growth and development of people is the highest calling of leadership.(Harvey S. Firestone)",
"Leadership is something you earn, something you’re chosen for. You can’t come in yelling, ‘I’m your leader!’ If it happens, it’s because the other guys respect you.(Ben Roethlisberger)",
"Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily; even if you had no title or position.(Brian Tracy)",
"My own definition of leadership is this: The capacity and the will to rally men and women to a common purpose and the character which inspires confidence.(General Montgomery)",
"I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.(Ralph Nader)",
"You don't lead by pointing and telling people some place to go. You lead by going to that place and making a case.(Ken Kesey)",
"The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.(Tony Blair)",
"The very essence of leadership is that you have to have a vision. It's got to be a vision you articulate clearly and forcefully on every occasion. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet.(Reverend Theodore Hesburgh)",
"Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.(John F. Kennedy)",
"A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better.(Jim Rohn)",
"The pessimist complains about the wind. The optimist expects it to change. The leader adjusts the sails.(John C. Maxwell)",
"A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.(Arnold Glasow)",
"Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results, not attributes.(Peter F. Drucker)",
"Great leaders are not defined by the absence of weakness, but rather by the presence of clear strengths.(John Zenger)",
"Leadership is a way of thinking, a way of acting and, most importantly, a way of communicating.(Simon Sinek)",
"Don’t tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.(George Patton)",
"Lead and inspire people. Don’t try to manage and manipulate people. Inventories can be managed but people must be led.(Ross Perot)",
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.(Martin Luther King Jr.)",
"As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.(Bill Gates)",
"The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.(William Arthur Ward)",
"Average leaders raise the bar on themselves; good leaders raise the bar for others; great leaders inspire others to raise their own bar.(Orrin Woodward)",
"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.(Abraham Lincoln)",
"Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.(Mother Teresa)",
"Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.(John D. Rockefeller)",
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.(Eleanor Roosevelt)",
"The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been.(Henry Kissinger)",
"Leadership is an opportunity to serve. It is not a trumpet call to self-importance.(J. Donald Walters)",
"It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent.(Madeleine Albright)",
"To be a leader, you have to make people want to follow you, and nobody wants to follow someone who doesn’t know where he is going.(Joe Namath)",
"Keep your fears to yourself, but share your inspiration with others.(Robert Louis Stevenson)",
"There are three essentials to leadership: humility, clarity and courage.(Fuchan Yuan)",
"You have enemies? Good. That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life.(Winston Churchill)",
"Failing organizations are usually over-managed and under-led.(Stephen Covey)",
"Leadership is not about you; it's about investing in the growth of others.(Ken Blanchard)",
"People who enjoy meetings should not be in charge of anything.(Thomas Sowell)",
"The essence of leadership is essentially taking the responsibility of trying to interpret the future to the present.(Paul Keating)",
"If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever.(Thomas Aquinas)",
"Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.(Henry Ward Beecher)",
"The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.(Andrew Carnegie)",
"The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men, the conviction and the will to carry on.(Walter Lippman)",
"The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.(Dwight D. Eisenhower)",
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.(Barack Obama)",
"Success isn’t about how much money you make; it’s about the difference you make in people’s lives.(Michelle Obama)",
"When you're in a leadership role, you can never please all of the people all of the time. There's also a lot of responsibility that goes along with it that others may not realize.(Joyce Meyer)",
"Leaders aren't born, they are made. And they are made just like anything else,through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.(Vince Lombardi)",
"We live in a society obsessed with public opinion. But leadership has never been about popularity.(Marco Rubio)",
"Leadership cannot just go along to get along. Leadership must meet the moral challenge of the day.(Jesse Jackson)",
"A cowardly leader is the most dangerous of men.(Stephen King)",
"Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy.(Norman Schwarzkopf)",
"Character in leadership is the most important balance for leadership. Without character, leaders have no safety. Leadership has no protection without character.(Myles Munroe)",
"A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.(George Patton)",
"Do you know that one of the great problems of our age is that we are governed by people who care more about feelings than they do about thoughts and ideas?(Margaret Thatcher)",
"Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time.(George W. Bush)",
"Leadership is not a popularity contest; it's about leaving your ego at the door. The name of the game is to lead without a title.(Robin Sharma)",
"A leadership culture is one where everyone thinks like an owner, a CEO or a managing director. It's one where everyone is entrepreneurial and proactive.(Robin Sharma)",
"I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.(Leonardo da Vinci)",
"If you want to improve the organization, you have to improve yourself and the organization gets pulled up with you.(Indra Nooyi)",
"People ask the difference between a leader and a boss. The leader leads, and the boss drives.(Theodore Roosevelt)",
"Character matters; leadership descends from character.(Rush Limbaugh)",
"Management is about arranging and telling. Leadership is about nurturing and enhancing.(Tom Peters)",
"Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.(Jesse Jackson)",
"You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership. Because you learn how not to do it. And, therefore, you learn how to do it.(Norman Schwarzkopf)",
"A leader who doesn't hesitate before he sends his nation into battle is not fit to be a leader.(Golda Meir)",
"Leadership is diving for a loose ball, getting the crowd involved, getting other players involved. It's being able to take it as well as dish it out. That's the only way you're going to get respect from the players.(Larry Bird)",
"I think one of the keys to leadership is recognizing that everybody has gifts and talents. A good leader will learn how to harness those gifts toward the same goal.(Ben Carson)",
"Leadership consists of picking good men and helping them do their best.(Chester W. Nimitz)",
"A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.(Arnold H. Glasow)",
"The topic of leadership is a touchy one. A lot of leaders fail because they don't have the bravery to touch that nerve or strike that chord. Throughout my years, I haven't had that fear.(Kobe Bryant)",
"Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.(Harold S. Geneen)",
"Taking on a leadership role doesn't mean that you only have to be personall ambitious.(Jacinda Ardern)",
"Leadership is about taking responsibility, not making excuses.(Mitt Romney)",
"I think that in any group activity - whether it be business, sports, or family - there has to be leadership or it won't be successful.(John Wooden)",
"When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier.(Roy E. Disney)",
"Leadership is something which other people have to recognize. You cannot deman that I am a leader.(M. S. Swaminathan)",
"Don't necessarily avoid sharp edges. Occasionally they are necessary to leadership.(Donald Rumsfeld)",
"Overall, the challenge of leadership is both moral and one of developing the characteristics that make us respected by one another.(Louis Farrakhan)",
"Actions, not words, are the ultimate results of leadership.(Bill Owens)",
"Earn your leadership every day.(Michael Jordan)"