"No man ever prayed heartily without learning something.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.(Baruch Spinoza)",
"The main part of intellectual education is not the acquisition of facts, but learning how to make facts live.(Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.)",
"The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"If you think education is expensive, try estimating the cost of ignorance.(Howard Gardner)",
"It is not that I’m so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.(Albert Einstein)",
"Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.(Chinese Proverb)",
"A man who asks is a fool for five minutes. A man who never asks is a fool for life.(Chinese Proverb)",
"I don't think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday.(Abraham Lincoln)",
"Never let formal education get in the way of your learning.(Mark Twain)",
"To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.(Plutarch)",
"The minute that you're not learning I believe you're dead.(Jack Nicholson)",
"Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.(Thomas Henry Huxley)",
"It is of practical value to learn to like yourself. Since you must spend so much time with yourself you might as well get some satisfaction out of the relationship.(Norman Vincent Peale)",
"Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.(Henry Ford)",
"Any fool can know. The point is to understand.(Albert Einstein)",
"A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.(Bruce Lee)",
"Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.(John F. Kennedy)",
"Neither comprehension nor learning can take place in an atmosphere of anxiety.(Rose Kennedy)",
"Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.(Jim Rohn)",
"Knowledge, which is acquired under compulsion, obtains no hold on the mind.(Plato)",
"A teacher is one who makes himself progressively unnecessary.(Thomas Carruthers)",
"Those who don't know history are doomed to repeat it.(Edmund Burke)",
"A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.(Brad Henry)",
"Change is the end result of all true learning.(Leo Buscaglia)",
"I have been a teacher myself all my life. I have an intense passion to share with people. Our only salvation is in knowledge, in learning.(Leo Buscaglia)",
"We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.(Peter Drucker)",
"The learning and knowledge that we have, is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant.(Plato)",
"I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.(Winston Churchill)",
"Some books leave us free and some books make us free.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Don’t just teach your children to read. Teach them to question what they read. Teach them to question everything.(George Carlin)",
"[Kids] don't remember what you try to teach them. They remember what you are.(Jim Henson)",
"I think the big mistake in schools is trying to teach children anything, and by using fear as the basic motivation. Fear of getting failing grades, fear of not staying with your class, etc. Interest can produce learning on a scale compared to fear as a nuclear explosion to a firecracker.(Stanley Kubrick)",
"True teachers are those who use themselves as bridges over which they invite their students to cross; then, having facilitated their crossing, joyfully collapse, encouraging them to create their own.(Nikos Kazantzakis)",
"Whoso neglects learning in his youth, loses the past and is dead for the future.(Euripides)",
"Study without desire spoils the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in.(Leonardo da Vinci)",
"Instruction does much, but encouragement everything.(Johann Wolfgang von Goethe)",
"I don't love studying. I hate studying. I like learning. Learning is beautiful.(Natalie Portman)",
"A man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.(Albert Einstein)",
"The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.(Leonardo da Vinci)",
"Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.(Socrates)",
"The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.(Herbert Spencer)",
"One of the greatest and simplest tools for learning more and growing is doing more.(Washington Irving)",
"He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"There is no school equal to a decent home and no teacher equal to a virtuous parent.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.(Albert Einstein)",
"Perfecting oneself is as much unlearning as it is learning.(Edsger Dijkstra)",
"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.(Benjamin Franklin)",
"The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.(Dr. Seuss)",
"By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.(Confucius)",
"You cannot open a book without learning something.(Confucius)",
"Learn as though you would never be able to master it; hold it as though you would be in fear of losing it.(Confucius)",
"The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.(Voltaire)",
"No problem can withstand the assault of sustained thinking.(Voltaire)",
"Education without application is just entertainment.(Tim Sanders)",
"For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.(Neil deGrasse Tyson)",
"Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"I have learned all kinds of things from my many mistakes. The one thing I never learn is to stop making them.(Joe Abercrombie)",
"The beautiful thing about learning is that nobody can take it away from you.(B.B. King)",
"One who has imagination without learning has wings without feet.(Joseph Joubert)",
"You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over.(Richard Branson)",
"I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.(Ernest Hemingway)",
"Learning is not attained by chance. It must be sought for with ardor and attended with diligence.(Abigail Adams)",
"If you haven’t learned the meaning of friendship, you haven’t learned anything.(Muhammad Ali)",
"Anyone who isn't embarrassed of who they were last year probably isn't learning enough.(Alain de Botton)",
"Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.(Billy Graham)",
"In a time of drastic change it is the learners who inherit the future. The learned usually find themselves equipped to live in a world that no longer exists.(Eric Hoffer)",
"The one thing that I keep learning over and over again is that I don't know nothing. I mean, that's my life lesson.(Dwayne Johnson)",
"And I believe that the best learning process of any kind of craft is just to look at the work of others.(Wole Soyinka)",
"Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.(Oscar Wilde)",
"Every student can learn, just not on the same day, or the same way.(George Evans)",
"Scholastic learning and polemical divinity retarded the growth of all true knowledge.(David Hume)",
"Learning never exhausts the mind.(Leonardo da Vinci)",
"When a poet digs himself into a hole, he doesn't climb out. He digs deeper, enjoys the scenery, and comes out the other side enlightened.(Criss Jami)",
"Much learning does not teach understanding.(Heraclitus)",
"Wisdom.... comes not from age, but from education and learning.(Anton Chekhov)",
"That is what learning is. You suddenly understand something you've understood all your life, but in a new way.(Doris Lessing)",
"To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.(Bruce Lee)",
"Small minds have always lashed out at what they don't understand.(Dan Brown)",
"For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.(Aristotle)",
"In learning you will teach, and in teaching you will learn.(Phil Collins)",
"While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.(Leonardo da Vinci)",
"Courage doesn’t happen when you have all the answers. It happens when you are ready to face the questions you have been avoiding your whole life.(Shannon L. Alder)",
"Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.(Malcolm X)",
"Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible.(Richard Feynmann)",
"If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.(Jeremiah Say)",
"One of the reasons people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure.(John W. Gardner)",
"Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.(Anthony J. D’Angelo)",
"The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.(Tony Robbins)",
"I am a woman in process. I'm just trying like everybody else. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull.(Oprah Winfrey)",
"I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.(Pablo Picasso)",
"Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.(Isaac Asimov)",
"Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.(Denis Waitley)",
"Anything worth doing well is worth doing poorly at first.(Ray Congdon)",
"Study the past if you would define the future.(Confucius)",
"We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.(Martin Luther King Jr.)"