"To hustle is like being a farmer. Work first so you can enjoy all the fruits with your loved ones later.(Jeremiah Say)",
"Today I will do what others won’t, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can’t.(Jerry Rice)",
"The world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going.(James Allen)",
"The fruit of your own hard work is the sweetest.(Deepika Padukone)",
"What you don’t sweat out when you’re young will turn into tears when you’re old.(Japanese Proverb)",
"Confidence comes not from always being right, but from not fearing to be wrong.(Peter T. McIntyre)",
"If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant. If we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.(Josh Billings)",
"You may be the only person left who believes in you, but it’s enough. It takes just one star to pierce a universe of darkness. Never give up.(Richelle E. Goodrich)",
"Hard work is a prison sentence only if it does not have meaning. Once it does, it becomes the kind of thing that makes you grab your wife around the waist and dance a jig.(Malcolm Gladwell)",
"Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.(Franklin D. Roosevelt)",
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Always be yourself and have faith in yourself. Do not go out and look for a successful personality and try to duplicate it.(Bruce Lee)",
"This is the real secret of life – to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.(Alan Watts)",
"Gold medals aren’t really made of gold. They’re made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.(Dan Gable)",
"The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn’t prepared to work for.(Habeeb Akande)",
"If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.(Dr Roopleen)",
"Obstacles can’t stop you. Problems can’t stop you. Most of all, other people can’t stop you. Only you can stop you.(Jeffrey Gitomer)",
"Great souls have wills, feeble ones have only wishes.(Anon.)",
"Habits are like cork or lead. They tend to keep you up or hold you down.(Anon.)",
"There’s no job too immense, when you got confidence.(Elvis Presley)",
"Some succeed because they are destined to, but most succeed because they are determined to.(Henry van Dyke)",
"When you have a lot of confidence and you feel like nobody can beat you, it’s game over for everyone else.(Jason Day)",
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.(Eleanor Roosevelt)",
"It’s not about money or connections. It’s the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone when it comes to your business.(Mark Cuban)",
"The hustle brings the dollar. The experience brings the knowledge. The persistence brings success.(Ross Simmonds)",
"When you live for a strong purpose, then hard work isn’t an option. It’s a necessity.(Steve Pavlina)",
"There will be obstacles. There will be doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work, there are no limits.(Michael Phelps)",
"You have been criticizing yourself for years, and it hasn’t worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.(Louise L. Hay)",
"Enthusiasm is common. Endurance is rare.(Angela Duckworth)",
"I would rather risk wearing out than rusting out.(Theodore Roosevelt)",
"It takes determination to see a dream come to pass. The question is not will you start, but will you finish.(Joel Osteen)",
"Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.(Swami Sivananda)",
"It doesn’t matter how many times you fail. You only have to be right once and thenevery one can tell you that you are an overnight success.(Mark Cuban)",
"Believing that the dots will connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart.(Steve Jobs)",
"What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight – it’s the size of the fight in the dog.(General Dwight D. Eisenhower)",
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.(Jimmy Johnson)",
"All excellence involves discipline and tenacity of purpose.(John W. Gardner)",
"If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.(Thomas Alva Edison)",
"When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal, you do notchange your decision to get there.(Zig Ziglar)",
"The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow. Don’tgive up.(Robert Tew)",
"Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice andmost of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.(Pele)",
"Have confidence that if you have done a little thing well, you can do a bigger thingwell too.(David Storey)",
"Habit is overcome by habit.(Thomas à Kempis)",
"The only thing standing between you and outrageous success is continuous progress.(Dan Waldschmidt)",
"Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.(Thomas Jefferson)",
"When someone tells me ‘no,’ it doesn’t mean I can’t do it, it simply means I can’t do it with them.(Karen E. Quinones Miller)",
"If people knew how hard I had to work to gain my mastery, it would not seem so wonderful at all.(Michelangelo)",
"Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams.(Ben Carson)",
"I learned that if you want to make it bad enough, no matter how bad it is, you can make it.(Gale Sayers)",
"Successful people have fear, successful people have doubts, and successful people have worries. They just don’t let these feelings stop them.(T. Harv Eker)",
"If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.(Vincent van Gogh)",
"Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that’s very important for good health.(Dalai Lama)",
"Be humble. Be hungry. And always be the hardest worker in the room.(Dwayne Johnson)",
"God gives every bird a worm, but he does not throw it into the nest.(Swedish Proverb)",
"Discipline automates habits which, in turn, determine your outcomes.(David Khalil)",
"What you have to do and the way you have to do it is incredibly simple. Whether you are willing to do it, that’s another matter.(Peter F. Drucker)",
"He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.(Muhammad Ali)",
"The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses — behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights.(Muhammad Ali)",
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.(Og Mandino)",
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.(Colin Powell)",
"The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.(Dale Carnegie)",
"Nothing can withstand the power of the human will if it is willing to stake its very existence to the extent of its purpose.(Benjamin Disraeli)",
"The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one’s destiny to do, and then do it.(Henry Ford)",
"Fortune sides with him who dares.(Virgil)",
"Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.(Dale Carnegie)",
"Go live a life worth living where, in the end, you’ll be able to say, “I’m glad I did,” not “I wish I had.”(Gary Keller)",
"If we attack our problems with determination we shall succeed.(Franklin Roosevelt)",
"Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.(William Feather)",
"Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.(Gary Vaynerchuk)",
"There’s only one way to succeed in anything, and that is to give it everything.(Vincent Lombardi)",
"Some people want it to happen, some people wish it would happen, others make it happen.(Michael Jordan)",
"Success is a little like wrestling a gorilla. You don’t quit when you’re tired. You quit when the gorilla is tired.(Robert Strauss)",
"Give the world the best you have, and the best will come to you.(Madeline Bridge)",
"If something is important enough, even if the odds are against you, you should still do it.(Elon Musk)",
"There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.(Ella Wheeler Wilcox)",
"All the so-called ‘secrets of success’ will not work unless you do.(Jaymin Shah)",
"Don’t be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth. (Rumi)",
"You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.(Beverly Sills)",
"When it comes to how we fare in the marathon of life, effort counts tremendously.(Angela Duckworth)",
"Courage starts with showing up and letting ourselves be seen.(Brené Brown)",
"To anyone that ever told you you’re no good…. They’re no better.(Hayley Williams)",
"You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing and falling over.(Richard Branson)",
"I know that if I fail I wouldn’t regret that, but I knew the one thing that I might regret is not trying.(Jeff Bezos)",
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.(Thomas Jefferson)",
"It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves.(Sir Edmund Hillary)",
"Inspiration is the windfall from hard work and focus. Muses are too unreliable to keep on the payroll.(Helen Hanson)",
"Give your dreams all you’ve got and you’ll be amazed at the energy that comes out of you.(William James)",
"The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me?(Ayn Rand)",
"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.(Estee Lauder)",
"Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy.(Robert Half)",
"Your purpose in life is to find your purpose and give your whole heart and soul to it.(Buddha)",
"I’m a firm believer in if you work hard, you should play hard. So, I try to keep my life as balanced as possible to keep my sanity.(Alicia Sacramone)",
"Though you can love what you do not master, you cannot master what you do not love.(Mokokoma Mokhonoana)",
"I love the work, love the grind. I love what I have to go through to get what I want.(Deshaun Watston)",
"The best way to learn is by doing. The only way to build a strong work ethic is getting your hands dirty.(Alex Spanos)",
"The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person’s determination.(Tommy Lasorda)",
"Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable.(Coco Chanel)",
"At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it’ll pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off.(Kevin Hart)",
"I rather hustle for a year than risk being a 9-to-5 slave forever.(Jeremiah Say)"