"To hustle is like being a farmer. Work first so you can enjoy all the fruits with your loved ones later.(Jeremiah Say)",
"Today I will do what others won’t, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can’t.(Jerry Rice)",
"The world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going.(James Allen)",
"The fruit of your own hard work is the sweetest.(Deepika Padukone)",
"What you don’t sweat out when you’re young will turn into tears when you’re old.(Japanese Proverb)",
"Confidence comes not from always being right, but from not fearing to be wrong.(Peter T. McIntyre)",
"If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant. If we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.(Josh Billings)",
"You may be the only person left who believes in you, but it’s enough. It takes just one star to pierce a universe of darkness. Never give up.(Richelle E. Goodrich)",
"Hard work is a prison sentence only if it does not have meaning. Once it does, it becomes the kind of thing that makes you grab your wife around the waist and dance a jig.(Malcolm Gladwell)",
"Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.(Franklin D. Roosevelt)",
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Always be yourself and have faith in yourself. Do not go out and look for a successful personality and try to duplicate it.(Bruce Lee)",
"This is the real secret of life – to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.(Alan Watts)",
"Gold medals aren’t really made of gold. They’re made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.(Dan Gable)",
"The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn’t prepared to work for.(Habeeb Akande)",
"If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.(Dr Roopleen)",
"Obstacles can’t stop you. Problems can’t stop you. Most of all, other people can’t stop you. Only you can stop you.(Jeffrey Gitomer)",
"Great souls have wills, feeble ones have only wishes.(Anon.)",
"Habits are like cork or lead. They tend to keep you up or hold you down.(Anon.)",
"There’s no job too immense, when you got confidence.(Elvis Presley)",
"Some succeed because they are destined to, but most succeed because they are determined to.(Henry van Dyke)",
"When you have a lot of confidence and you feel like nobody can beat you, it’s game over for everyone else.(Jason Day)",
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.(Eleanor Roosevelt)",
"It’s not about money or connections. It’s the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone when it comes to your business.(Mark Cuban)",
"The hustle brings the dollar. The experience brings the knowledge. The persistence brings success.(Ross Simmonds)",
"When you live for a strong purpose, then hard work isn’t an option. It’s a necessity.(Steve Pavlina)",
"There will be obstacles. There will be doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work, there are no limits.(Michael Phelps)",
"You have been criticizing yourself for years, and it hasn’t worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.(Louise L. Hay)",
"Enthusiasm is common. Endurance is rare.(Angela Duckworth)",
"I would rather risk wearing out than rusting out.(Theodore Roosevelt)",
"It takes determination to see a dream come to pass. The question is not will you start, but will you finish.(Joel Osteen)",
"Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.(Swami Sivananda)",
"It doesn’t matter how many times you fail. You only have to be right once and thenevery one can tell you that you are an overnight success.(Mark Cuban)",
"Believing that the dots will connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart.(Steve Jobs)",
"What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight – it’s the size of the fight in the dog.(General Dwight D. Eisenhower)",
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.(Jimmy Johnson)",
"All excellence involves discipline and tenacity of purpose.(John W. Gardner)",
"If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.(Thomas Alva Edison)",
"When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal, you do notchange your decision to get there.(Zig Ziglar)",
"The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow. Don’tgive up.(Robert Tew)",
"Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice andmost of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.(Pele)",
"Have confidence that if you have done a little thing well, you can do a bigger thingwell too.(David Storey)",
"Habit is overcome by habit.(Thomas à Kempis)",
"The only thing standing between you and outrageous success is continuous progress.(Dan Waldschmidt)",
"Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.(Thomas Jefferson)",
"When someone tells me ‘no,’ it doesn’t mean I can’t do it, it simply means I can’t do it with them.(Karen E. Quinones Miller)",
"If people knew how hard I had to work to gain my mastery, it would not seem so wonderful at all.(Michelangelo)",
"Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams.(Ben Carson)",
"I learned that if you want to make it bad enough, no matter how bad it is, you can make it.(Gale Sayers)",
"Successful people have fear, successful people have doubts, and successful people have worries. They just don’t let these feelings stop them.(T. Harv Eker)",
"If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.(Vincent van Gogh)",
"Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that’s very important for good health.(Dalai Lama)",
"Be humble. Be hungry. And always be the hardest worker in the room.(Dwayne Johnson)",
"God gives every bird a worm, but he does not throw it into the nest.(Swedish Proverb)",
"Discipline automates habits which, in turn, determine your outcomes.(David Khalil)",
"What you have to do and the way you have to do it is incredibly simple. Whether you are willing to do it, that’s another matter.(Peter F. Drucker)",
"He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.(Muhammad Ali)",
"The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses — behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights.(Muhammad Ali)",
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.(Og Mandino)",
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.(Colin Powell)",
"The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.(Dale Carnegie)",
"Nothing can withstand the power of the human will if it is willing to stake its very existence to the extent of its purpose.(Benjamin Disraeli)",
"The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one’s destiny to do, and then do it.(Henry Ford)",
"Fortune sides with him who dares.(Virgil)",
"Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.(Dale Carnegie)",
"Go live a life worth living where, in the end, you’ll be able to say, “I’m glad I did,” not “I wish I had.”(Gary Keller)",
"If we attack our problems with determination we shall succeed.(Franklin Roosevelt)",
"Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.(William Feather)",
"Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.(Gary Vaynerchuk)",
"There’s only one way to succeed in anything, and that is to give it everything.(Vincent Lombardi)",
"Some people want it to happen, some people wish it would happen, others make it happen.(Michael Jordan)",
"Success is a little like wrestling a gorilla. You don’t quit when you’re tired. You quit when the gorilla is tired.(Robert Strauss)",
"Give the world the best you have, and the best will come to you.(Madeline Bridge)",
"If something is important enough, even if the odds are against you, you should still do it.(Elon Musk)",
"There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.(Ella Wheeler Wilcox)",
"All the so-called ‘secrets of success’ will not work unless you do.(Jaymin Shah)",
"Don’t be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth. (Rumi)",
"You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.(Beverly Sills)",
"When it comes to how we fare in the marathon of life, effort counts tremendously.(Angela Duckworth)",
"Courage starts with showing up and letting ourselves be seen.(Brené Brown)",
"To anyone that ever told you you’re no good…. They’re no better.(Hayley Williams)",
"You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing and falling over.(Richard Branson)",
"I know that if I fail I wouldn’t regret that, but I knew the one thing that I might regret is not trying.(Jeff Bezos)",
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.(Thomas Jefferson)",
"It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves.(Sir Edmund Hillary)",
"Inspiration is the windfall from hard work and focus. Muses are too unreliable to keep on the payroll.(Helen Hanson)",
"Give your dreams all you’ve got and you’ll be amazed at the energy that comes out of you.(William James)",
"The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me?(Ayn Rand)",
"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.(Estee Lauder)",
"Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy.(Robert Half)",
"Your purpose in life is to find your purpose and give your whole heart and soul to it.(Buddha)",
"I’m a firm believer in if you work hard, you should play hard. So, I try to keep my life as balanced as possible to keep my sanity.(Alicia Sacramone)",
"Though you can love what you do not master, you cannot master what you do not love.(Mokokoma Mokhonoana)",
"I love the work, love the grind. I love what I have to go through to get what I want.(Deshaun Watston)",
"The best way to learn is by doing. The only way to build a strong work ethic is getting your hands dirty.(Alex Spanos)",
"The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person’s determination.(Tommy Lasorda)",
"Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable.(Coco Chanel)",
"At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it’ll pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off.(Kevin Hart)",
"I rather hustle for a year than risk being a 9-to-5 slave forever.(Jeremiah Say)",
"No one ever climbed the ladder of success with his hands in his pockets.(Jeremiah Say)",
"Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.(Napoleon Hill)",
"Always expect to succeed, and never think you have succeeded.(Thomas Arnold)",
"I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.(Abraham Lincoln)",
"Victory is sweetest when you’ve known defeat.(Malcolm S. Forbes)",
"The secret of success is constancy to purpose.(Benjamin Disraeli)",
"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.(Benjamin Disraeli)",
"You learn more from failure than from successes. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.(Anon.)",
"The best way to succeed in this world is to act on the advice you give to others.(Anon.)",
"A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do.(Bob Dylan)",
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.(Oscar Wilde)",
"Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.(George Bernard Shaw)",
"Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.(Albert Einstein)",
"If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.(Albert Einstein)",
"The true success is the person who invented himself.(Al Goldstein)",
"Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem more afraid of life than death.(James F. Byrnes)",
"There is a powerful driving force inside every human being that, once unleashed, can make any vision, dream, or desire a reality.(Anthony Robbins)",
"Success can feather our nest so comfortably that we forget how to fly.(Vance Havner)",
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.(Herman Melville)",
"If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.(Martin Luther King Jr.)",
"Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.(Elbert Hubbard)",
"Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.(Mark Twain)",
"To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.(Mark Twain)",
"Success is most often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.(Coco Chanel)",
"Success without God only makes temporary friends and admirers.(Spiros Zodhiates)",
"If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend six hours sharpening my ax.(Abraham Lincoln)",
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal, it is the courage to continue that counts.(Winston Churchill)",
"If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.(Jim Rohn)",
"Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier; wish you were better.(Jim Rohn)",
"How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.(Bill Gates)",
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.(Dale Carnegie)",
"If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.(Dr Roopleen)",
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.(Colin R. Davis)",
"You don’t have to be a genius or a visionary or even a college graduate to be successful. You just need a framework and a dream.(Michael Dell)",
"I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure which is, Try to please everybody.(Herbert B. Swope)",
"If you want to be successful, find out what the price is and then pay it.(Scott Adam)",
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.(Herman Cain)",
"Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.(Oliver Goldsmith)",
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.(Confucius)",
"When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don’t adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.(Confucius)",
"Behind every successful man there’s a lot of unsuccessful years.(Bob Brown)",
"Tough times don’t last. Tough people do.(Robert H. Schuller)",
"You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.(George Lorimer)",
"Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened.(Helen Keller)",
"Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.(George Sheehan)",
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.(Ray Goforth)",
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.(Vince Lombardi)",
"Success is not the absence of failure; it’s the persistence through failure.(Aisha Tyler)",
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.(Colin Powell)",
"Success is not built on success. It’s built on failure. It’s built on frustration. Sometimes it is built on catastrophe.(Summer Redstone)",
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.(George Addair)",
"Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.(Conrad Hilton)",
"Follow effective actions with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.(Peter Drucker)",
"Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.(Lao Tzu)",
"If you have no critics you’ll likely have no success.(Malcolm X)",
"To be successful you need friends and to be very successful you need enemies.(Sidney Sheldon)",
"I can’t give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.(Herbert Bayard Swope)",
"Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.(Woody Allen)",
"The men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed.(Lloyd Jones)",
"Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness that any other.(Brian Tracy)",
"Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday.(Brian Tracy)",
"The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well.(John D. Rockefeller Jr.)",
"Just don’t give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don’t think you can go wrong.(Ella Fitzgerald)",
"I can’t imagine a person becoming a success who doesn’t give this game of life everything he’s got.(Walter Cronkite)",
"Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn’t guarantee success, but without it you don’t have a chance.(Alex Rodriguez)",
"Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven’t planted.(David Bly)",
"Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed.(Bob Riley)",
"Coming together is a beginning, keeping together is progress, working together is success.(Henry Ford)",
"Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.(Oprah Winfrey)",
"You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it.(Oprah Winfrey)",
"Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion.(Tony Hsieh)",
"The people who succeed are irrationally passionate about something.(Naval Ravikant)",
"You’ve achieved success in your field when you don’t know whether what you’re doing is work or play.(Warren Beatty)",
"Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.(Charles F. Kettering)",
"Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.(Robert Kiyosaki)",
"Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success.(Robert Kiyosaki)",
"90% of your plans are going to fail no matter what you do. Get used to it.(Mark Manson)",
"Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.(Vaibhav Shah)",
"In one minute you can change your attitude and in that minute you can change your entire day.(Spencer Johnson)",
"You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity.(Thomas Wolfe)",
"Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.(Joyce Brothers)",
"If you work just for money, you’ll never make it, but if you love what you’re doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.(Ray Kroc)",
"The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost everything.(Warren Buffett)",
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him.(David Brinkley)",
"In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.(Bill Cosby)",
"Don’t be distracted by criticism. Remember–the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you.(Zig Ziglar)",
"Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.(Dalai Lama XIV)",
"Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.(W. Clement Stone)",
"You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.(Jason Mraz)",
"The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.(Aristotle Onassis)",
"I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.(Michael Jordan)",
"I wonder how many times people give up just before a breakthrough – when they are on the very brink of success.(Joyce Meyer)",
"If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.(Jim Henson)",
"If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know and start charging for it.(Kim Garst)",
"I don’t dwell on success. Maybe that’s one reason I’m successful.(Calvin Klein)",
"If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time.(Steve Jobs)",
"Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.(Alexander Graham Bell)",
"At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.(Steve Maraboli)",
"Act as if what you do makes a difference, cause it does.(William James)",
"I don’t need it to be easy, I need it to be worth it.(Lil Wayne)",
"You do not find the happy life. You make it.(Camilla Eyring Kimball)",
"Never regret anything that made you smile.(Mark Twain)",
"Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful.(Hazrat Inayat Khan)",
"A champion is defined not by their wins but by how they can recover when they fall.(Serena Williams)",
"If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.(Martin Luther King Jr.)",
"The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot.(Michael Altshuler)",
"They never die, who have the future in them.(Meridel Le Sueur)",
"Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great.(Niccolo Machiavelli)",
"Never let go of that fiery sadness called desire.(Patti Smith)",
"Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.(Helen Keller)",
"Winning isn’t everything. Wanting to win is.(Catfish Hunter)",
"He that can have patience can have what he will.(Benjamin Franklin)",
"The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.(Henry Ford)",
"Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.(Muhammad Ali)",
"If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more.(Oprah Winfrey)",
"Turn your wounds into wisdom.(Oprah Winfrey)",
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.(George Addair)",
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.(C.S. Lewis)",
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.(Jimmy Dean)",
"My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.(Maya Angelou)",
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.(Winston Churchill)",
"Fear is a reaction. Courage is a decision.(Winston Churchill)",
"Inspiration comes from within yourself. One has to be positive. When you're positive, good things happen.(Deep Roy)",
"Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.(Jim Rohn)",
"Either you run the day, or the day runs you.(Jim Rohn)",
"Dream as if you’ll live forever, live as if you’ll die today.(James Dean)",
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.(Oscar Wilde)",
"Believe you can and you're halfway there.(Theodore Roosevelt)",
"You must do the things you think you cannot do.(Eleanor Roosevelt)",
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.(Eleanor Roosevelt)",
"Change the world by being yourself.(Amy Poehler)",
"Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.(Lao Tzu)",
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.(Lao Tzu)",
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.(Leonardo da Vinci)",
"The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.(Aristotle)",
"It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up.(Vince Lombardi)",
"In great attempts, it is glorious even to fail.(Vince Lombardi)",
"You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go, and see what happens.(Mandy Hale)",
"It is never too late to be what you might have been.(George Eliot)",
"Be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still.(Chinese Proverb)",
"Fall seven times, stand up eight.(Japanese Proverb)",
"It is better to live one day as a lion, than a thousand days as a lamb.(Roman Proverb)",
"Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.(Thich Nhat Hanh)",
"Happy people plan actions, they don’t plan results.(Dennis Waitley)",
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.(Albert Einstein)",
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.(Albert Einstein)",
"To dare is to lose one’s footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.(Soren Kierkegaard)",
"Each person must live their life as a model for others.(Rosa Parks)",
"All limitations are self-imposed.(Oliver Wendell Holmes)",
"Motivation comes from working on things we care about.(Sheryl Sandberg)",
"In life you need either inspiration or desperation.(Tony Robbins)",
"The only thing that can grow is the thing you give energy to.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Being miserable is a habit; being happy is a habit; and the choice is yours.(Tom Hopkins)",
"Die with memories, not dreams.(Anon.)",
"It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.(Anon.)",
"Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.(Anon.)",
"The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.(Anon.)",
"Your limitation — it’s only your imagination.(Anon.)",
"Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.(Anon.)",
"Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.(Anon.)",
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.(Dalai Lama)",
"There is no saint without a past, no sinner without a future.(Augustine of Hippo)",
"Normality is a paved road: it’s comfortable to walk but no flowers grow.(Vincent van Gogh)",
"Great things never come from comfort zones.(Anon.)",
"Do something today that your future self will thank you for.(Anon.)",
"Good things happen to those who hustle.(Anais Nin)",
"Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are.(Kurt Cobain)",
"If you love life, don’t waste time, for time is what life is made up of.(Bruce Lee)",
"Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it.(Lindsey Vonn)",
"Courage is never to let your actions be influenced by your fears.(Arthur Koestler)",
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.(Carol Burnett)",
"Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment, until it becomes a memory.(Dr. Seuss)",
"Don’t cry because it’s over. Smile because it happened.(Dr. Seuss)",
"Most people would rather be certain they’re miserable, than risk being happy.(Dr. Robert Anthony)",
"May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears.(Nelson Mandela)",
"Try to be a rainbow in someone else's cloud.(Maya Angelou)",
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.(Confucius)",
"Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.(Ella Fitzgerald)",
"It isn't where you came from. It's where you're going that counts.(Ella Fitzgerald)",
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.(Zig Ziglar)",
"The meaning of life is to give life meaning.(Ken Hudgins)",
"No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel.(Demi Lovato)",
"Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors.(Proverb)",
"Energy and initiative count as much as talent and luck.(Will Peters)",
"Be so good they can’t ignore you.(Steve Martin)",
"Every noble work is at first impossible.(Thomas Carlyle)",
"Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.(Malala Yousafzai)",
"Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive.(Hafez)",
"Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.(Khalil Gibran)",
"I am an artist at living, my work of art is my life.(D.T. Suzuki)",
"The unhappy derive comfort from the misfortunes of others.(Aesop)",
"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says "I'm possible!"(Audrey Hepburn)",
"Never limit yourself because of others’ limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination.(Mae Jemison)",
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right.(Napoleon Hill)",
"Forget about style; worry about results.(Bobby Orr)",
"Tough times never last but tough people do.(Robert H. Schiuller)",
"Goals help you channel your energy into action.(Les Brown)",
"Other people’s opinion of you does not have to become your reality.(Les Brown)",
"One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.(Sophocles)",
"The loneliest place in the world is the human heart when love is absent.(Jeremiah Say)",
"Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully.(Phillips Brooks)",
"Love is not affectionate feeling, but a steady wish for the loved person’s ultimate good as far as it can be obtained.(C. S. Lewis)",
"First and foremost, self-love, and then give love away.(Katy Perry)",
"Jealousy, properly considered, is an essential element of true love: it is & an unceasing longing for the loved one’s welfare.(J. A. Motyer)",
"Love is service rather than sentiment.(John R. W. Stott)",
"Love is the outgoing of the entire nature in self-sacrificing service.(W. H. Griffith Thomas)",
"If you work at love, you will find love at work.(Peter Jackson)",
"You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving.(Amy Carmichael)",
"Nothing will be intentionally lacking where there is love.(J. C. Ryle)",
"He who is not filled with love is necessarily small, withered, shrivelled in his outlook on life and things.(Benjamin B. Warfield)",
"Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.(Bruce Lee)",
"There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.(Jane Austen)",
"You always gain by giving love.(Reese Witherspoon)",
"The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.(Hubert H. Humphrey)",
"Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.(James Baldwin)",
"The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.(Helen Keller)",
"Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.(Helen Keller)",
"To be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return.(Madonna)",
"I love you” begins by I, but it ends up by you.(Charles de Leusse)",
"Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.(Robert A. Heinlein)",
"You don't marry someone you can live with — you marry someone you cannot live without.(Anon.)",
"Walk with me through life…and I’ll have everything I’ll need for the journey.(Anon.)",
"You have replaced my nightmares with dreams, my worries with happiness, and my fears with love.(Anon.)",
"You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because the reality is finally better than your dreams.(Dr. Seuss)",
"To the world, you may be one person, but to one person you are the world.(Dr. Seuss)",
"Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.(Dalai Lama)",
"'Tis better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all.(Alfred, Lord Tennyson)",
"The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.(Audrey Hepburn)",
"Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that’s beautiful.(Milan Kundera)",
"The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.(Victor Hugo)",
"I think the perfection of love is that it's not perfect.(Taylor Swift)",
"Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.(Aristotle)",
"Love does not dominate; it cultivates.(Johann Wolfgang von Goethe)",
"We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.(Johann Wolfgang von Goethe)",
"To love or have loved, that is enough. Ask nothing further. There is no other pearl to be found in the dark folds of life. in 500 Days of Summer(Victor Hugo)",
"Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.(Maya Angelou)",
"If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.(Winnie the Pooh)",
"Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives.(C.S. Lewis)",
"To lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balanced life.(Elizabeth Gilbert)",
"Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don’t know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.(Anaïs Nin)",
"You know it’s love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you’re not part of their happiness.(Julia Roberts)",
"I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.(Mother Teresa)",
"The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.(Mother Teresa)",
"When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.(Paulo Coelho)",
"Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused.(Paulo Coelho)",
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.(Andre Gide)",
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.(Friedrich Nietzsche)",
"Love is the flower; you've got to let it grow.(John Lennon)",
"Love is what you’ve been through with somebody.(James Thurber)",
"There's nothing that I wouldn't do to make you feel my love.(Bob Dylan)",
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.(Lao Tzu)",
"Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses.(Lao Tzu)",
"To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.(Bertrand Russell)",
"Maybe I don’t know that much but I know this much is true, I was blessed because I was loved by you.(Celine Dion)",
"A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.(Elbert Hubbard)",
"Where there is love, there is life.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"The giving of love is an education in itself.(Eleanor Roosevelt)",
"It takes courage to love, but pain through love is the purifying fire which those who love generously know. We all know people who are so much afraid of pain that they shut themselves up like clams in a shell and, giving out nothing, receive nothing and therefore shrink until life is a mere living death.(Eleanor Roosevelt)",
"I love how she makes me feel like anything is possible, or like life is worth it.(Tom Hansen)",
"Once in a while, right in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale.(Melissa Brown)",
"The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.(Morrie Schwartz)",
"I love being married. It's so great to find one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.(Rita Rudner)",
"When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.(Anon.)",
"Every person has to love at least one bad partner in their lives to be truly thankful for the right one.(Anon.)",
"I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.(Marilyn Monroe)",
"Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.(Oprah Winfrey)",
"Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well.(Vincent Van Gogh)",
"You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not.(Jodi Picoult)",
"When you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you'd like them to be.(Leo Tolstoy)",
"We are never so defensless against suffering as when we love.(Sigmund Freud)",
"Love is needing someone. Love is putting up with someone's bad qualities because they somehow complete you.(Sarah Dessen)",
"Love... it surrounds every being and extends slowly to embrace all that shall be.(Khalil Gibran)",
"Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do.(David Wilkerson)",
"The only thing we never get enough of is love; and the only thing we never give enough of is love.(Henry Miller)",
"Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever.(Leo Buscaglia)",
"Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet.(Plato)",
"Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do.(David Wilkerson)",
"Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.(David Byrne)",
"To love is nothing. To be loved is something. But to love and be loved, that’s everything.(T. Tolis)",
"I have decided to stick to love; hate is too great a burden to bear.(Martin Luther King, Jr.)",
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.(Martin Luther King, Jr.)",
"When we are in love we seem to ourselves quite different from what we were before.(Blaise Pascal)",
"The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost.(Gilbert K. Chesterton)",
"Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.(Euripides)",
"I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you.(Roy Croft)",
"Do I love you? My god, if your love were a grain of sand, mine would be a universe of beaches.(William Goldman)",
"Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.(Lucille Ball)",
"When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.(Jess C. Scott)",
"Love is like the wind, you can’t see it but you can feel it.(Nicholas Sparks)",
"You don’t love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.(Oscar Wilde)",
"Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.(Oscar Wilde)",
"Never love anybody who treats you like you're ordinary.(Oscar Wilde)",
"A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.(Jane Austen)",
"The love we have in our youth is superficial compared to the love that an old man has for his old wife.(Will Durant)",
"You're always with yourself, so you might as well enjoy the company.(Diane Von Furstenberg)",
"Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.(William Shakespeare)",
"A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another.(Jesus Christ)",
"It is not how long but how well we live that matters.(Jeremiah Say)",
"Life is not a solo but a chorus. We live in relationships from cradle to grave.(Anon.)",
"Life is worth living better than most men live it.(Anon.)",
"Live your best, and act your best, and think your best each day, for there may be no tomorrows.(Anon.)",
"Everything in life is a test of character.(John Blanchard)",
"Life ought not merely to contain acts of worship, it should be an act of worship.(John Blanchard)",
"Be such a man, and live such a life, that if every man were such as you, and every life a life like yours, this earth would be God’s paradise.(Phillips Brooks)",
"The quality of life is more important than life itself.(Alexis Carrel)",
"Life is too short to be small.(Benjamin Disraeli)",
"The man who regards his own life and that of his fellow creatures as meaningless is not merely unfortunate but almost disqualified for life.(Albert Einstein)",
"What makes life dreary is absence of motive. What makes life complicated is multiplicity of motive. What makes life victorious is singleness of motive.(George Eliot)",
"Life is not measured by length but by depth. Birthdays tell us how long we have been on the road, not how far we have travelled.(Vance Havner)",
"Every man’s life is his opportunity of doing that which will make for him in eternity.(Matthew Henry)",
"Sow an action and you reap a habit; sow a habit and you reap a character; sow a character and you reap a destiny.(William James)",
"The most important thing in life is to live your life for something more important than your life.(William James)",
"The end of life is not to be happy, nor to achieve pleasure and avoid pain, but to do the will of God, come what may.(Martin Luther King)",
"Make sure the thing you are living for is worth dying for.(Charles Mayes)",
"The seven ages of man: spills, drills, thrills, bills, ills, pills, wills.(Richard J. Needham)",
"We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from it.(William Osler)",
"The whole of life is a test, a trial of what is in us, so arranged by God himself.(William S. Plumer)",
"We are not so to live as if we had nothing but a body.(J. C. Ryle)",
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.(Mark Twain)",
"We should employ our passions in the service of life, not spend life in the service of our passions.(Richard Steele)",
"Let us live as people who are prepared to die, and die as people who are prepared to live.(James S. Stewart)",
"Let us endeavour so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.(Mark Twain)",
"No one can live well until they can die well.(David Watson)",
"Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death.(George Whitefield)",
"Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.(Norman Cousins)",
"Life can only be enjoyed as one acquires a true perspective of life and death and of the real purpose of life.(Spiros Zodhiates)",
"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.(Albert Einstein)",
"Three things in life – your health, your mission, and the people you love. That’s it.(Naval Ravikant)",
"Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.(Stephanie Perkins)",
"You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.(C.S. Lewis)",
"You couldn’t relive your life, skipping the awful parts, without losing what made it worthwhile. You had to accept it as a whole–like the world, or the person you loved.(Stewart O’Nan)",
"Life is a question and how we live it is our answer.(Gary Keller)",
"See: it’s a never-ending upward spiral. And if you think at any point you’re allowed to stop climbing, I’m afraid you’re missing the point. Because the joy is in the climb itself.(Mark Manson)",
"Don’t be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don’t have to live forever, you just have to live.(Natalie Babbitt)",
"Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.(Soren Kierkegaard)",
"Most of life is about searching, it’s not about doing. People spend too much time doing and not thinking about what they should be doing.(Naval Ravikant)",
"Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner.(Lao Tzu)",
"No tree, it is said, can grow to heaven unless its roots reach down to hell.(Carl Jung)",
"Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.(Marie Curie)",
"In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.(Abraham Lincoln)",
"Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.(Charles Bukowski)",
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.(Oscar Wilde)",
"You don’t get to choose how you’re going to die. Or when. But you can decide how you’re going to live now.(Joan Baez)",
"Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.(Seneca)",
"Life is not a process of discovery, but a process of creation.(Neale Donald Walsch)",
"It’s not so much what we have in this life that matters. It’s what we do with what we have.(Fred Rogers)",
"Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about.(Marilyn Monroe)",
"The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one’s destiny to do, and then do it.(Henry Ford)",
"A man can fail many times, but he isn’t a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.(Jeff Olson)",
"It's not what we have in life but who we have in our life that matters.(Margaret Laurence)",
"Life always waits for some crisis to occur before revealing itself at its most brilliant.(Paulo Coelho)",
"Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated.(Confucius)",
"Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once.(Lillian Dickson)",
"The less you give a damn to negative people, the more peaceful your life will become.(Jeremiah Say)",
"Don't give it five minutes if you're not going to give it five years.(Meghan Markle)",
"Dead people receive more flowers than the living ones because regret is stronger than gratitude.(Anne Frank)",
"I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.(Martin Luther King, Jr.)",
"In every life, we have some trouble, but when you worry you make it double.(Bobby Mcferrin)",
"The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which bridge to burn.(David Russell)",
"Life doesn’t require that we be the best, only that we try our best.(H. Jackson Brown Jr.)",
"The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.(Helen Keller)",
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.(George Bernard Shaw)",
"My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.(Maya Angelou)",
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, '"What are you doing for others?"(Martin Luther King, Jr.)",
"The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.(Mulan)",
"Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memory is sweet, cherish it.(Jeremiah Say)",
"The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude.(William James)",
"Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world. Same world.(Wayne Dyer)",
"If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.(Dolly Parton)",
"Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.(Jack London)",
"The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.(Oprah Winfrey)",
"A little foolishness, enough to enjoy life, and a little wisdom to avoid the errors, that will do.(Osho)",
"A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.(Charles Darwin)",
"The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.(Kalu Ndukwe Kalu)",
"By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before.(Edwin Elliot)",
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while you could miss it.(Ferris Bueller)",
"The first half of life is devoted to forming a healthy ego, the second half is going inward and letting go of it.(Carl Jung)",
"Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.(Steve Maraboli)",
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.(Tony Robbins)",
"Life must be lived and curiosity kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.(Eleanor Roosevelt)",
"Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff. Most fails. Some works. You do more of what works.(Leonardo da Vinci)",
"Don’t gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold.(Bob Marley)",
"Risks must be taken, because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.(Leo Buscaglia)",
"The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.(Helen Keller)",
"Take time to enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.(Robert Brault)",
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for something you are not.(Andre Gide)",
"To do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is enough for one man’s life.(T.S. Eliot)",
"Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.(Sarah Louise Delany)",
"Life is just the same as learning to swim. Do not be afraid of making mistakes, for there is no other way of learning how to live!(Alfred Adler)",
"Be willing to sacrifice what you think you have today for the life that you want tomorrow.(Neil Strauss)",
"Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don’t get so worked up about things.(Kenneth Branagh)",
"The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware.(Henry Miller)",
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"Try to enjoy the great festival of life with other men!(Epictetus)",
"If life is a video game, the graphics are great, but the plot is confusing and the tutorial is way too long.(Elon Musk)",
"Life is so short. I would rather sing one song than interpret the thousand.(Jack London)",
"No man ever prayed heartily without learning something.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.(Baruch Spinoza)",
"The main part of intellectual education is not the acquisition of facts, but learning how to make facts live.(Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.)",
"The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"If you think education is expensive, try estimating the cost of ignorance.(Howard Gardner)",
"It is not that I’m so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.(Albert Einstein)",
"Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.(Chinese Proverb)",
"A man who asks is a fool for five minutes. A man who never asks is a fool for life.(Chinese Proverb)",
"I don't think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday.(Abraham Lincoln)",
"Never let formal education get in the way of your learning.(Mark Twain)",
"To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.(Plutarch)",
"The minute that you're not learning I believe you're dead.(Jack Nicholson)",
"Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.(Thomas Henry Huxley)",
"It is of practical value to learn to like yourself. Since you must spend so much time with yourself you might as well get some satisfaction out of the relationship.(Norman Vincent Peale)",
"Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.(Henry Ford)",
"Any fool can know. The point is to understand.(Albert Einstein)",
"A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.(Bruce Lee)",
"Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.(John F. Kennedy)",
"Neither comprehension nor learning can take place in an atmosphere of anxiety.(Rose Kennedy)",
"Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.(Jim Rohn)",
"Knowledge, which is acquired under compulsion, obtains no hold on the mind.(Plato)",
"A teacher is one who makes himself progressively unnecessary.(Thomas Carruthers)",
"Those who don't know history are doomed to repeat it.(Edmund Burke)",
"A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.(Brad Henry)",
"Change is the end result of all true learning.(Leo Buscaglia)",
"I have been a teacher myself all my life. I have an intense passion to share with people. Our only salvation is in knowledge, in learning.(Leo Buscaglia)",
"We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.(Peter Drucker)",
"The learning and knowledge that we have, is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant.(Plato)",
"I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.(Winston Churchill)",
"Some books leave us free and some books make us free.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Don’t just teach your children to read. Teach them to question what they read. Teach them to question everything.(George Carlin)",
"[Kids] don't remember what you try to teach them. They remember what you are.(Jim Henson)",
"I think the big mistake in schools is trying to teach children anything, and by using fear as the basic motivation. Fear of getting failing grades, fear of not staying with your class, etc. Interest can produce learning on a scale compared to fear as a nuclear explosion to a firecracker.(Stanley Kubrick)",
"True teachers are those who use themselves as bridges over which they invite their students to cross; then, having facilitated their crossing, joyfully collapse, encouraging them to create their own.(Nikos Kazantzakis)",
"Whoso neglects learning in his youth, loses the past and is dead for the future.(Euripides)",
"Study without desire spoils the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in.(Leonardo da Vinci)",
"Instruction does much, but encouragement everything.(Johann Wolfgang von Goethe)",
"I don't love studying. I hate studying. I like learning. Learning is beautiful.(Natalie Portman)",
"A man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.(Albert Einstein)",
"The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.(Leonardo da Vinci)",
"Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.(Socrates)",
"The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.(Herbert Spencer)",
"One of the greatest and simplest tools for learning more and growing is doing more.(Washington Irving)",
"He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"There is no school equal to a decent home and no teacher equal to a virtuous parent.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.(Albert Einstein)",
"Perfecting oneself is as much unlearning as it is learning.(Edsger Dijkstra)",
"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.(Benjamin Franklin)",
"The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.(Dr. Seuss)",
"By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.(Confucius)",
"You cannot open a book without learning something.(Confucius)",
"Learn as though you would never be able to master it; hold it as though you would be in fear of losing it.(Confucius)",
"The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.(Voltaire)",
"No problem can withstand the assault of sustained thinking.(Voltaire)",
"Education without application is just entertainment.(Tim Sanders)",
"For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.(Neil deGrasse Tyson)",
"Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"I have learned all kinds of things from my many mistakes. The one thing I never learn is to stop making them.(Joe Abercrombie)",
"The beautiful thing about learning is that nobody can take it away from you.(B.B. King)",
"One who has imagination without learning has wings without feet.(Joseph Joubert)",
"You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over.(Richard Branson)",
"I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.(Ernest Hemingway)",
"Learning is not attained by chance. It must be sought for with ardor and attended with diligence.(Abigail Adams)",
"If you haven’t learned the meaning of friendship, you haven’t learned anything.(Muhammad Ali)",
"Anyone who isn't embarrassed of who they were last year probably isn't learning enough.(Alain de Botton)",
"Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.(Billy Graham)",
"In a time of drastic change it is the learners who inherit the future. The learned usually find themselves equipped to live in a world that no longer exists.(Eric Hoffer)",
"The one thing that I keep learning over and over again is that I don't know nothing. I mean, that's my life lesson.(Dwayne Johnson)",
"And I believe that the best learning process of any kind of craft is just to look at the work of others.(Wole Soyinka)",
"Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.(Oscar Wilde)",
"Every student can learn, just not on the same day, or the same way.(George Evans)",
"Scholastic learning and polemical divinity retarded the growth of all true knowledge.(David Hume)",
"Learning never exhausts the mind.(Leonardo da Vinci)",
"When a poet digs himself into a hole, he doesn't climb out. He digs deeper, enjoys the scenery, and comes out the other side enlightened.(Criss Jami)",
"Much learning does not teach understanding.(Heraclitus)",
"Wisdom.... comes not from age, but from education and learning.(Anton Chekhov)",
"That is what learning is. You suddenly understand something you've understood all your life, but in a new way.(Doris Lessing)",
"To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.(Bruce Lee)",
"Small minds have always lashed out at what they don't understand.(Dan Brown)",
"For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.(Aristotle)",
"In learning you will teach, and in teaching you will learn.(Phil Collins)",
"While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.(Leonardo da Vinci)",
"Courage doesn’t happen when you have all the answers. It happens when you are ready to face the questions you have been avoiding your whole life.(Shannon L. Alder)",
"Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.(Malcolm X)",
"Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible.(Richard Feynmann)",
"If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.(Jeremiah Say)",
"One of the reasons people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure.(John W. Gardner)",
"Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.(Anthony J. D’Angelo)",
"The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.(Tony Robbins)",
"I am a woman in process. I'm just trying like everybody else. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull.(Oprah Winfrey)",
"I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.(Pablo Picasso)",
"Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.(Isaac Asimov)",
"Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.(Denis Waitley)",
"Anything worth doing well is worth doing poorly at first.(Ray Congdon)",
"Study the past if you would define the future.(Confucius)",
"We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.(Martin Luther King Jr.)",
"A bad servant will not make a good master.(Anon.)",
"A good leader leads the people from above them. A great leader leads the people from within them.(M. D. Arnold)",
"True leadership stems from individuality that is honestly and sometimes imperfectly expressed… Leaders should strive for authenticity over perfection.(Sheryl Sandberg)",
"Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate, and doubt to offer a solution everybody can understand.(Colin Powell)",
"Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.(Max Lucado)",
"The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things.(Ronald Reagan)",
"Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.(Sam Walton)",
"A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.(Lao Tzu)",
"A person always doing his or her best becomes a natural leader, just by example.(Joe DiMaggio)",
"I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion.(Alexander the Great)",
"I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.(Jack Welch)",
"The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.(Ray Kroc)",
"A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don’t necessarily want to go, but ought to be.(Rosalynn Carter)",
"Leadership is a serving relationship that has the effect of facilitating human development.(Ted Ward)",
"Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt to offer a solution everybody can understand.(Gen. Colin Powell)",
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.(John Quincy Adams)",
"The challenge of leadership is to be strong, but not rude; be kind, but not weak; be bold, but not a bully; be thoughtful, but not lazy; be humble, but not timid; be proud, but not arrogant; have humor, but without folly.(Jim Rohn)",
"One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.(Arnold Glasow)",
"A leader has been defined as one who knows the way, goes the way and shows the way.(Anon.)",
"Becoming a leader is synonymous with becoming yourself. It is precisely that simple and it is also that difficult.(Warren Bennis)",
"The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born-that there is a genetic factor to leadership. That's nonsense; in fact, the opposite is true. Leaders are made rather than born.(Warren Bennis)",
"The growth and development of people is the highest calling of leadership.(Harvey S. Firestone)",
"Leadership is something you earn, something you’re chosen for. You can’t come in yelling, ‘I’m your leader!’ If it happens, it’s because the other guys respect you.(Ben Roethlisberger)",
"Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily; even if you had no title or position.(Brian Tracy)",
"My own definition of leadership is this: The capacity and the will to rally men and women to a common purpose and the character which inspires confidence.(General Montgomery)",
"I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.(Ralph Nader)",
"You don't lead by pointing and telling people some place to go. You lead by going to that place and making a case.(Ken Kesey)",
"The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.(Tony Blair)",
"The very essence of leadership is that you have to have a vision. It's got to be a vision you articulate clearly and forcefully on every occasion. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet.(Reverend Theodore Hesburgh)",
"Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.(John F. Kennedy)",
"A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better.(Jim Rohn)",
"The pessimist complains about the wind. The optimist expects it to change. The leader adjusts the sails.(John C. Maxwell)",
"A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.(Arnold Glasow)",
"Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results, not attributes.(Peter F. Drucker)",
"Great leaders are not defined by the absence of weakness, but rather by the presence of clear strengths.(John Zenger)",
"Leadership is a way of thinking, a way of acting and, most importantly, a way of communicating.(Simon Sinek)",
"Don’t tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.(George Patton)",
"Lead and inspire people. Don’t try to manage and manipulate people. Inventories can be managed but people must be led.(Ross Perot)",
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.(Martin Luther King Jr.)",
"As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.(Bill Gates)",
"The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.(William Arthur Ward)",
"Average leaders raise the bar on themselves; good leaders raise the bar for others; great leaders inspire others to raise their own bar.(Orrin Woodward)",
"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.(Abraham Lincoln)",
"Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.(Mother Teresa)",
"Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.(John D. Rockefeller)",
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.(Eleanor Roosevelt)",
"The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been.(Henry Kissinger)",
"Leadership is an opportunity to serve. It is not a trumpet call to self-importance.(J. Donald Walters)",
"It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent.(Madeleine Albright)",
"To be a leader, you have to make people want to follow you, and nobody wants to follow someone who doesn’t know where he is going.(Joe Namath)",
"Keep your fears to yourself, but share your inspiration with others.(Robert Louis Stevenson)",
"There are three essentials to leadership: humility, clarity and courage.(Fuchan Yuan)",
"You have enemies? Good. That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life.(Winston Churchill)",
"Failing organizations are usually over-managed and under-led.(Stephen Covey)",
"Leadership is not about you; it's about investing in the growth of others.(Ken Blanchard)",
"People who enjoy meetings should not be in charge of anything.(Thomas Sowell)",
"The essence of leadership is essentially taking the responsibility of trying to interpret the future to the present.(Paul Keating)",
"If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever.(Thomas Aquinas)",
"Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.(Henry Ward Beecher)",
"The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.(Andrew Carnegie)",
"The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men, the conviction and the will to carry on.(Walter Lippman)",
"The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.(Dwight D. Eisenhower)",
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.(Barack Obama)",
"Success isn’t about how much money you make; it’s about the difference you make in people’s lives.(Michelle Obama)",
"When you're in a leadership role, you can never please all of the people all of the time. There's also a lot of responsibility that goes along with it that others may not realize.(Joyce Meyer)",
"Leaders aren't born, they are made. And they are made just like anything else,through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.(Vince Lombardi)",
"We live in a society obsessed with public opinion. But leadership has never been about popularity.(Marco Rubio)",
"Leadership cannot just go along to get along. Leadership must meet the moral challenge of the day.(Jesse Jackson)",
"A cowardly leader is the most dangerous of men.(Stephen King)",
"Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy.(Norman Schwarzkopf)",
"Character in leadership is the most important balance for leadership. Without character, leaders have no safety. Leadership has no protection without character.(Myles Munroe)",
"A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.(George Patton)",
"Do you know that one of the great problems of our age is that we are governed by people who care more about feelings than they do about thoughts and ideas?(Margaret Thatcher)",
"Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time.(George W. Bush)",
"Leadership is not a popularity contest; it's about leaving your ego at the door. The name of the game is to lead without a title.(Robin Sharma)",
"A leadership culture is one where everyone thinks like an owner, a CEO or a managing director. It's one where everyone is entrepreneurial and proactive.(Robin Sharma)",
"I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.(Leonardo da Vinci)",
"If you want to improve the organization, you have to improve yourself and the organization gets pulled up with you.(Indra Nooyi)",
"People ask the difference between a leader and a boss. The leader leads, and the boss drives.(Theodore Roosevelt)",
"Character matters; leadership descends from character.(Rush Limbaugh)",
"Management is about arranging and telling. Leadership is about nurturing and enhancing.(Tom Peters)",
"Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.(Jesse Jackson)",
"You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership. Because you learn how not to do it. And, therefore, you learn how to do it.(Norman Schwarzkopf)",
"A leader who doesn't hesitate before he sends his nation into battle is not fit to be a leader.(Golda Meir)",
"Leadership is diving for a loose ball, getting the crowd involved, getting other players involved. It's being able to take it as well as dish it out. That's the only way you're going to get respect from the players.(Larry Bird)",
"I think one of the keys to leadership is recognizing that everybody has gifts and talents. A good leader will learn how to harness those gifts toward the same goal.(Ben Carson)",
"Leadership consists of picking good men and helping them do their best.(Chester W. Nimitz)",
"A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.(Arnold H. Glasow)",
"The topic of leadership is a touchy one. A lot of leaders fail because they don't have the bravery to touch that nerve or strike that chord. Throughout my years, I haven't had that fear.(Kobe Bryant)",
"Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.(Harold S. Geneen)",
"Taking on a leadership role doesn't mean that you only have to be personall ambitious.(Jacinda Ardern)",
"Leadership is about taking responsibility, not making excuses.(Mitt Romney)",
"I think that in any group activity - whether it be business, sports, or family - there has to be leadership or it won't be successful.(John Wooden)",
"When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier.(Roy E. Disney)",
"Leadership is something which other people have to recognize. You cannot deman that I am a leader.(M. S. Swaminathan)",
"Don't necessarily avoid sharp edges. Occasionally they are necessary to leadership.(Donald Rumsfeld)",
"Overall, the challenge of leadership is both moral and one of developing the characteristics that make us respected by one another.(Louis Farrakhan)",
"Actions, not words, are the ultimate results of leadership.(Bill Owens)",
"Earn your leadership every day.(Michael Jordan)",
"A man full of hope will be full of action.(Thomas Brooks)",
"Hope is faith in the future tense.(Peter Anderson)",
"We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.(Martin Luther King Jr.)",
"Only in the darkness can you see the stars.(Martin Luther King Jr.)",
"Hope is grief’s best music.(Anon.)",
"To all the living there is hope, for a living dog is better than a dead lion.(Ecclesiastes 9:4)",
"The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.(Stephen Ambrose)",
"It is characteristic of genius to be hopeful and aspiring.(Harriet Martieneau)",
"The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.(Barbara Kingsolver)",
"Hope is the foundation of patience.(John Calvin)",
"When hope animates us there is a vigour in the whole body.(John Calvin)",
"Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.(Dale Carnegie)",
"When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.(Pittacus Lore)",
"Hope means expectancy when things are otherwise hopeless.(G. K. Chesterton)",
"However bad life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. Where there’s life, there’s hope.(Stephen Hawking)",
"Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.(Epicurus)",
"The road that is built in hope is more pleasant to the traveler than the road built in despair, even though they both lead to the same destination.(Marion Zimmer Bradley)",
"We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon.(Franklin D. Roosevelt)",
"When you stop hoping you are on the vestibule of hell, for there is no hope there.(A. J. Cronin)",
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.(Helen Keller)",
"Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.(Jonas Salk)",
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.(Albert Einstein)",
"We need never be hopeless because we can never be irreparably broken.(Albert Einstein)",
"Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.(Desmond Tutu)",
"If it were not for hopes, the heart would break.(Thomas Fuller)",
"Great hopes make great men.(Thomas Fuller)",
"Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today.(Thich Nhat Hanh)",
"Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.(Robert H. Schuller)",
"There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for.(J.R.R. Tolkien)",
"This new day is too dear, with its hopes and invitations, to waste a moment on the yesterdays.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.(Henry David Thoreau)",
"Hope is itself a species of happiness, and, perhaps, the chief happiness which this world affords.(Samuel Johnson)",
"Hope teaches endurance and an eager anticipation of that which will become reality.(Simon J. Kistemaker)",
"Once you choose hope, anything’s possible.(Christopher Reeve)",
"Children are the world’s most valuable resource and its best hope for the future.(John F. Kennedy)",
"We should not let our fears hold us back from pursuing our hopes.(John F. Kennedy)",
"He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything.(Thomas Carlyle)",
"In fact, hope is best gained after defeat and failure, because then inner strength and toughness is produced.(Fritz Knapp)",
"Hope means expectancy when things are otherwise hopeless.(G. K. Chesterton)",
"You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"When hope animates us there is a vigour in the whole body.(John Calvin)",
"Neither should a ship rely on one small anchor, nor should life rest on a single hope.(Epictetus)",
"The nearer to heaven in hopes, the farther from earth in desires.(William Gurnall)",
"A strong mind always hopes, and has always cause to hope.(Thomas Carlyle)",
"Remember, Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.(Stephen King)",
"The world needs less heat and more light. It needs less of the heat of anger, revenge, retaliation, and more of the light of ideas, faith, courage, aspiration, joy, love and hope.(Wilfred Peterson)",
"Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"At first we hope too much; later on, not enough.(Joseph Roux)",
"Hope is a waking dream.(Aristotle)",
"Our fear must save our hope from swelling into presumption, and our hope must save our fear from sinking into despair.(Matthew Henry)",
"We dream to give ourselves hope. To stop dreaming—well, that’s like saying you can never change your fate.(Amy Tan)",
"Hope is not an emotion; it’s a way of thinking or a cognitive process.(Brene Brown)",
"The best bridge between despair and hope is a good night’s sleep.(E. Joseph Cossman)",
"All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them.(Magic Johnson)",
"And thou shalt be secure because there is hope.(Job 11:18)",
"Hope is the pillar that holds up the world. Hope is the dream of a waking man.(Pliny the Elder)",
"Hope is the companion of power, and mother of success; for who so hopes strongly has within him the gift of miracles.(Samuel Smiles)",
"Without hope men are only half alive. With hope they dream and think and work.(Charles Sawyer)",
"As long as we have hope, we have direction, the energy to move, and the map to move by.(Lao Tzu)",
"All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.(Alexandre Dumas)",
"Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment.(Napoleon Bonaparte)",
"A leader is a dealer of hope.(Napoleon Bonaparte)",
"A positive statement propels hope toward a better future, it builds up your faith and that of others, and it promotes change.(Jan Dargatz)",
"To hear the phrase “our only hope” always makes one anxious, because it means that if the only hope doesn’t work, there is nothing left.(Lemony Snicket)",
"I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.(Dalai Lama)",
"May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears.(Nelson Mandela)",
"It is the first purpose of hope to make hopelessness bearable.(Robert Brault)",
"Everything that is done in this world is done by hope.(Martin Luther)",
"Just as despair can come to one only from other human beings, hope, too, can be given to one only by other human beings.(Elie Wiesel)",
"Hope is outreaching desire with expectancy of good. It is a characteristic of all living beings.(Edward S. Ame)",
"They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.(Tom Bodett)",
"I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.(Benjamin Disraeli)",
"Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.(Maya Angelou)",
"Hope teaches endurance and an eager anticipation of that which will become reality.(Simon J. Kistemaker)",
"It’s amazing how a little tomorrow can make up for a whole lot of yesterday.(John Guare)",
"The future belongs to those who belong to God. This is hope.(W. T. Purkiser)",
"You may say I’m a dreamer, but I’m not the only one. I hope someday you’ll join us. And the world will live as one.(John Lennon)",
"The very existence of libraries affords the best evidence that we may yet have hope for the future of man.(T.S. Eliot)",
"When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.(Paulo Coelho)",
"You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.(William Faulkner)",
"He who does not hope to win has already lost.(Jose Joaquin Olmedo)",
"Never deprive someone of hope; it may be all they have.(H. Jackson Brown Jr)",
"Never give up. Have hope. Expect only the best from life and take action to get it.(Catherine Pulsifer)",
"Hope and patience are two sovereign remedies for all, the surest reposals the softest cushions to lean on in adversity.(Robert Burton)",
"Never give out while there is hope; but hope not beyond reason, for that shows more desire than judgment.(William Penn)",
"It’s always something, to know you’ve done the most you could. But, don’t leave off hoping, or it’s of no use doing anything. Hope, hope to the last!(Charles Dickens)",
"Strange as it may seem, I still hope for the best, even though the best, like an interesting piece of mail, so rarely arrives, and even when it does it can be lost so easily.(Lemony Snicket)",
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.(Confucius)",
"Hope is not an emotion; it’s a way of thinking or a cognitive process.(Brené Brown)",
"When you’re at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on.(Theodore Roosevelt)",
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.(Oscar Wilde)",
"Hope is the last thing ever lost.(Italian proverb)",
"But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.(Martin Luther King Jr.)",
"It’s really a wonder that I haven’t dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart.(Anne Frank)",
"The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.(Kalu Ndukwe Kalu)",
"Take hope from the heart of man and you make him a beast of prey.(Ouida)",
"In all pleasure hope is a considerable part.(Samuel Johnson)",
"The important thing is not that we can live on hope alone, but that life is not worth living without it.(Harvey Milk)",
"None are completely wretched but those who are without hope, and few are reduced so low as that.(William Hazlitt)",
"Our greatest good, and what we least can spare, is hope.(John Armstrong)",
"Happiness is the art of making a bouquet of those flowers within reach.(Anon.)",
"Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.(Aristotle)",
"The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.(J. Robert Oppenheimer)",
"True happiness is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.(Helen Keller)",
"If being happy is important to you, try this instead of regretting all you lack, celebrate all you’ve got.(Brian Vaszily)",
"Man wishes to be happy even when he lives so as to make happiness impossible.(Augustine)",
"The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness.(William Saroyan)",
"Being happy doesn’t depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.(Dale Carnegie)",
"Remember, happiness doesn’t depend upon who you are or what you have, it depends solely upon what you think.(Dale Carnegie)",
"It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.(Dale Carnegie)",
"Happiness is not the end of life; character is.(Henry Ward Beecher)",
"The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.(Mark Twain)",
"A man may be satisfied but not sanctified, contented but not converted, happy but not holy.(John Blanchard)",
"There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.(George Sand)",
"You will never be happy if you continue to search for happiness. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.(Albert Camus)",
"God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.(Reinhold Niebuhr)",
"The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does.(James Matthew Barrie)",
"A happy life depends on a good conscience.(John Calvin)",
"Happiness is the secret to all beauty. There is no beauty without happiness.(Christian Dior)",
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people just exist.(Oscar Wilde)",
"Happiness is not the absence of problems; but the ability to deal with them.(Jack Brown)",
"Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy or strong. The amount of work is the same.(Francesca Reigler)",
"There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.(Treya Stark)",
"The secret of happiness is renunciation.(Andrew Carnegie)",
"He who forgets the language of gratitude can never be on speaking terms with happiness.(C. Neil Strait)",
"Only the development of compassion and understanding for others can bring us the tranquility and happiness we all seek.(Dalai Lama XIV)",
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come without leaving happier.(Mother Teresa)",
"If you find serenity and happiness, some may be jealous. Be happy anyway.(Mother Teresa)",
"In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.(Richard Bach)",
"Happiness can be built only on virtue, and must of necessity have truth for its foundation.(Samuel Taylor Coleridge)",
"A happy man is he that knows the world and cares not for it.(Joseph Hall)",
"Until you make peace with who you are, you’ll never be content with what you have.(Doris Mortman)",
"The sexiest curve on your body is your smile. Flaunt it!(Anon.)",
"Happiness comes in waves. It’ll find you again.(Anon.)",
"When you love what you have, you have everything you need.(Anon.)",
"Happiness is letting go of what you think your life is supposed to look like.(Anon.)",
"When it rains, look for rainbows. When it’s dark, look for stars.(Anon.)",
"The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness.(Eric Hoffer)",
"Wise men and women in every major culture have maintained that the secret of happiness is not in getting more but in wanting less.(Philip Slater)",
"The joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.(Proverbs 10:27)",
"Happy is he who learns to bear what he cannot change.(Friedrich Schiller)",
"Every day is a new day, and you'll never be able to find happiness if you don't move on.(Carrie Underwood)",
"For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you’re climbing it.(Andy Rooney)",
"A good laugh makes any interview, or any conversation, so much better.(Barbara Walters)",
"A calm and modest life brings more happiness than the pursuit of success combined with constant restlessness.(Albert Einstein)",
"Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.(John Lennon)",
"Sometimes life knocks you on your ass…get up, get up, get up!! Happiness is not the absence of problems. It’s the ability to deal with them.(Steve Maraboli)",
"Happiness is different from pleasure. Happiness has something to do with struggling, enduring, and accomplishing.(George Sheehan)",
"When a man has lost all happiness, he’s not alive. Call him a breathing corpse.(Sophocles)",
"Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.(Abraham Lincoln)",
"Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.(Denis Waitley)",
"Action may not bring happiness but there is no happiness without action.(William James)",
"There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.(Stephen Chbosky)",
"If you start to think the problem is ‘out there,’ stop yourself. That thought is the problem.(Stephen Covey)",
"Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.(Anne Frank)",
"We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.(Winston Churchill)",
"The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely.(Louisa May Alcott)",
"If you want happiness for an hour, take a nap. If you want happiness for a day, go fishing. If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else.(Chinese Proverb)",
"Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers’ gardens.(Douglas Jerrold)",
"Most people would rather be certain they’re miserable, than risk being happy.(Robert Anthony)",
"Happiness is a risk. If you’re not a little scared, then you’re not doing it right.(Sarah Addison)",
"Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.(Abraham Lincoln)",
"The end of life is not to be happy, nor to achieve pleasure and avoid pain, but to do the will of God, come what may.(Martin Luther King)",
"The thing everyone should realize is that the key to happiness is being happy by yourself and for yourself.(Ellen DeGeneres)",
"Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.(Denis Waitley)",
"The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are.(Goldie Hawn)",
"Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.(Marcel Proust)",
"True happiness ne’er entered at an eye; true happiness resides in things unseen.(Edward Young)",
"It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.(Chuck Palahniuk)",
"Happiness is a state of mind. It's just according to the way you look at things.(Walt Disney)",
"Trying to be happy without giving to others is like trying to kiss alone.(Brian Vaszily)",
"Whether you are talking about education, career, or service, you are talking about life. And life must really have joy. It’s supposed to be fun.(Barbara Bush)",
"The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.(Johann Wolfgang von Goethe)",
"There you go… let it all slide out. Unhappiness can’t stick in a person’s soul when it’s slick with tears.(Shannon Hale)",
"Be happy with what you have. Be excited about what you want.(Alan Cohen)",
"The true secret of happiness lies in the taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life.(William Morris)",
"The myriad things are complete in us. There is no greater joy than to reflect on ourselves and become sincere.(Mencius)",
"Happiness does not depend on the actual number of blessings we manage to scratch from life, but on our attitude towards them.(Alexandr Solzhenitsyn)",
"People are unhappy when they get something too easily. You have to sweat – that’s the only moral they know.(Dany Laferrière)",
"Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.(Robert A. Heinlein)",
"Seek for happiness and you will never find it. Seek righteousness and you will discover you are happy. It will be there without your knowing it, without your seeking it.(D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones)",
"Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better to take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.(Carl Jung)",
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you say are in harmony.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.(Jonathan Safran Foer)",
"If one speaks or acts with a pure mind, happiness follows like a shadow.(Buddha)",
"It is a barren life that holds only happiness.(Frances J. Roberts)",
"Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.(Margaret B. Runbeck)",
"Some people cause happiness wherever they go, others whenever they go.(Oscar Wilde)",
"The pursuit of happiness… is the greatest feat man has to accomplish.(Robert Henri)",
"Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one’s values.(Ayn Rand)",
"Embrace the glorious mess that you are.(Elizabeth Gilbert)",
"If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are.(Goldie Hawn)",
"Life’s biggest moments seem really short but the great thing is the memory of that moment lasts forever.(Jeremiah Say)",
"Happiness is not having what you want. It is appreciating what you have.(Jeremiah Say)",
"They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.(Tom Bodett)",
"Happiness is not a goal… it’s a by-product of a life well lived.(Eleanor Roosevelt)",
"Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.(Benjamin Franklin)",
"The most important thing is to enjoy your life — to be happy. It's all that matters.(Audrey Hepburn)",
"Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.(Ayn Rand)",
"Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy.(Cynthia Nelms)",
"Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes.(Hugh Prather)",
"There are no permanent changes because change itself is permanent.(Ralph L. Woods)",
"To live is to change, and to be perfect is to change often.(John Henry Cardinal Newman)",
"Life is about change. Sometimes it’s painful. Sometimes it’s beautiful. But most of the time, it’s both.(Lana Lang)",
"They must change often, who would be constant in happiness.(Confucius)",
"One must never lose time in vainly regretting the past or in complaining against the changes which cause us discomfort, for change is the essence of life.(Anatole France)",
"To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.(Winston Churchill)",
"To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.(Henri Bergson)",
"You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.(C.S. Lewis)",
"The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings.(Kakuzo Okakura)",
"Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.(George Bernard Shaw)",
"It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.(Charles Darwin)",
"The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.(Albert Einstein)",
"The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.(Albert Einstein)",
"I’ve learned that you’ll never be disappointed if you always keep an eye on uncharted territory, where you’ll be challenged and growing and having fun.(Kirstie Alley)",
"The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.(Oprah Winfrey)",
"The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.(Friedrich Nietzsche)",
"I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.(Georg C. Lichtenberg)",
"The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new.(Socrates)",
"Let him that would move the world first move himself.(Socrates)",
"When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.(Viktor Frankl)",
"How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.(Anne Frank)",
"The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.(Charles F. Kettering)",
"We change, whether we like it or not.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.(Jim Rohn)",
"Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.(Johann Wolfgang von Goethe)",
"The one unchangeable certainty is that nothing is certain or unchangeable.(John F. Kennedy)",
"One day spent with someone you love can change everything.(Mitch Albom)",
"The price of doing the same old thing is far higher than the price of change.(Bill Clinton)",
"Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.(Walt Disney)",
"No matter how far you have gone on a wrong road, turn back.(Turkish proverb)",
"Growth is painful. Change is painful. But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong.(Mandy Hale)",
"It’s okay to be scared. Being scared means you’re about to do something really, really brave.(Mandy Hale)",
"Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.(Bertolt Brecht)",
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world.(Mahatma Gandhi)",
"The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.(Alan W. Watts)",
"All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy, for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter into another.(Anatole France)",
"If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude.(Maya Angelou)",
"Stepping onto a brand-new path is difficult, but not more difficult than remaining in a situation, which is not nurturing to the whole woman.(Maya Angelou)",
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.(Leo Tolstoy)",
"True life is lived when tiny changes occur.(Leo Tolstoy)",
"Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant.(Anthony D’Angelo)",
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.(Barack Obama)",
"Life will only change when you become more committed to your dreams than you are to your comfort zone.(Billy Cox)",
"Life is measured by the rapidity of change, the succession of influences that modify the being.(George Eliot)",
"All is change; all yields its place and goes.(Euripides)",
"Those who expect moments of change to be comfortable and free of conflict have not learned their history.(Joan Wallach Scott)",
"When you’re through changing, you’re through.(Bruce Barton)",
"Embrace uncertainty. Some of the most beautiful chapters in our lives won’t have a title until much later.(Bob Goff)",
"When it feels scary to jump, that’s exactly WHEN you jump. Otherwise you end up staying in the same place your whole life. And that I can’t do.(Oscar Isaacs)",
"Everything flows, nothing stays still.(Heraclitus)",
"It is changing that things find purpose.(Heraclitus)",
"The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.(Alfred North Whitehead)",
"Change is the law of life, and those who look only to the past and present are certain to miss the future.(John F. Kennedy)",
"Change is inevitable in a progressive society. Change is constant.(Benjamin Disraeli)",
"Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.(Oscar Wilde)",
"Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don’t resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality.(Lao Tzu)",
"In embracing Change, entrepreneurs ensure social and economic stability.(George Gilder)",
"You must change in order to survive.(Pearl Bailey)",
"We cannot become what we want by remaining what we are.(Max Depree)",
"Change does not change tradition. It strengthens it. Change is a challenge and an opportunity, not a threat.(Prince Philip of England)",
"I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.(Jimmy Dean)",
"For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not end their troubles, it only changes them.(Marcus Annaeus Seneca)",
"Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don’t.(Steve Maraboli)",
"I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.(Steve Maraboli)",
"Change is the only evidence of life.(Evelyn Waugh)",
"Your desire to change must be greater than your desire to stay the same.(Anon.)",
"If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you.(Anon.)",
"All great changes are preceded by chaos.(Anon.)",
"Don’t make a change too complicated, just begin.(Anon.)",
"Small changes eventually add up to huge results.(Anon.)",
"You can’t change what’s going on around you until you start changing what’s going on within you.(Anon.)",
"When in doubt, choose change.(Lily Leung)",
"I have accepted fear as part of life — specifically the fear of change… I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says, ‘turn back.’(Erica Jong)",
"Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.(Rumi)",
"I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.(Mother Teresa)",
"Continuity gives us roots; change gives us branches, letting us stretch and grow and reach new heights.(Pauline R. Kezer)",
"Some changes look negative on the surface but you will soon realize that space is being created in your life for something new to emerge.(Eckhart Tolle)",
"All love shifts and changes. I don’t know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.(Julie Andrews)",
"Things don’t have to change the world to be important.(Steve Jobs)",
"The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.(Steve Jobs)",
"There is change in all things. You yourself are subject to continual change and some decay and this is common to the entire universe.(Marcus Aurelius)",
"Things do not change; we change.(Henry David Thoreau)",
"Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.(Arnold Bennett)",
"Turbulence is a life force. It is an opportunity. Let’s love turbulence and use it for change.(Ramsey Clark)",
"Every day the clock resets. Your wins don’t matter. Your failures don’t matter. Don’t stress on what was, fight for what could be.(Sean Higgins)",
"One child, one teacher, one pen, and one book can change the world.(Malala Yousafzai)",
"Readjusting is a painful process, but most of us need it at one time or another.(Arthur Chirstopher Benson)",
"Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.(Karen Kaiser Clark)",
"Everything passes; everything wears out; everything breaks.(French Proverb)",
"Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.(Harriet Tubman)",
"Play to your strengths. If you aren’t great at something, do more of what you’re great at.(Jason Lemkin)",
"If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl. But whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward.(Martin Luther King. Jr.)",
"Change your thoughts and you change your world.(Norman Vincent Peale)",
"Just take any step, whether small or large. And then another and repeat day after day. It may take months, maybe years, but the path to success will become clear.(Aaron Ross)",
"You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.(Buckminster Fuller)",
"Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.(Wayne W. Dyer)",
"The changes we dread most may contain our salvation.(Barbara Kingsolver)",
"And that is how change happens. One gesture. One person. One moment at a time.(Libba Bray)",
"One day or day one. You decide.(Anon.)"