"No one ever climbed the ladder of success with his hands in his pockets.(Jeremiah Say)",
"Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.(Napoleon Hill)",
"Always expect to succeed, and never think you have succeeded.(Thomas Arnold)",
"I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.(Abraham Lincoln)",
"Victory is sweetest when you’ve known defeat.(Malcolm S. Forbes)",
"The secret of success is constancy to purpose.(Benjamin Disraeli)",
"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.(Benjamin Disraeli)",
"You learn more from failure than from successes. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.(Anon.)",
"The best way to succeed in this world is to act on the advice you give to others.(Anon.)",
"A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do.(Bob Dylan)",
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.(Oscar Wilde)",
"Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.(George Bernard Shaw)",
"Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.(Albert Einstein)",
"If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.(Albert Einstein)",
"The true success is the person who invented himself.(Al Goldstein)",
"Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem more afraid of life than death.(James F. Byrnes)",
"There is a powerful driving force inside every human being that, once unleashed, can make any vision, dream, or desire a reality.(Anthony Robbins)",
"Success can feather our nest so comfortably that we forget how to fly.(Vance Havner)",
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.(Herman Melville)",
"If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.(Martin Luther King Jr.)",
"Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.(Elbert Hubbard)",
"Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.(Mark Twain)",
"To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.(Mark Twain)",
"Success is most often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.(Coco Chanel)",
"Success without God only makes temporary friends and admirers.(Spiros Zodhiates)",
"If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend six hours sharpening my ax.(Abraham Lincoln)",
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal, it is the courage to continue that counts.(Winston Churchill)",
"If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.(Jim Rohn)",
"Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier; wish you were better.(Jim Rohn)",
"How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.(Roy T. Bennett)",
"Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.(Bill Gates)",
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.(Dale Carnegie)",
"If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.(Dr Roopleen)",
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.(Colin R. Davis)",
"You don’t have to be a genius or a visionary or even a college graduate to be successful. You just need a framework and a dream.(Michael Dell)",
"I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure which is, Try to please everybody.(Herbert B. Swope)",
"If you want to be successful, find out what the price is and then pay it.(Scott Adam)",
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.(Herman Cain)",
"Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.(Oliver Goldsmith)",
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.(Confucius)",
"When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don’t adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.(Confucius)",
"Behind every successful man there’s a lot of unsuccessful years.(Bob Brown)",
"Tough times don’t last. Tough people do.(Robert H. Schuller)",
"You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.(George Lorimer)",
"Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened.(Helen Keller)",
"Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.(George Sheehan)",
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.(Ray Goforth)",
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.(Vince Lombardi)",
"Success is not the absence of failure; it’s the persistence through failure.(Aisha Tyler)",
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.(Colin Powell)",
"Success is not built on success. It’s built on failure. It’s built on frustration. Sometimes it is built on catastrophe.(Summer Redstone)",
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.(George Addair)",
"Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.(Conrad Hilton)",
"Follow effective actions with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.(Peter Drucker)",
"Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.(Ralph Waldo Emerson)",
"Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.(Lao Tzu)",
"If you have no critics you’ll likely have no success.(Malcolm X)",
"To be successful you need friends and to be very successful you need enemies.(Sidney Sheldon)",
"I can’t give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.(Herbert Bayard Swope)",
"Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.(Woody Allen)",
"The men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed.(Lloyd Jones)",
"Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness that any other.(Brian Tracy)",
"Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday.(Brian Tracy)",
"The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well.(John D. Rockefeller Jr.)",
"Just don’t give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don’t think you can go wrong.(Ella Fitzgerald)",
"I can’t imagine a person becoming a success who doesn’t give this game of life everything he’s got.(Walter Cronkite)",
"Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn’t guarantee success, but without it you don’t have a chance.(Alex Rodriguez)",
"Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven’t planted.(David Bly)",
"Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed.(Bob Riley)",
"Coming together is a beginning, keeping together is progress, working together is success.(Henry Ford)",
"Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.(Oprah Winfrey)",
"You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it.(Oprah Winfrey)",
"Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion.(Tony Hsieh)",
"The people who succeed are irrationally passionate about something.(Naval Ravikant)",
"You’ve achieved success in your field when you don’t know whether what you’re doing is work or play.(Warren Beatty)",
"Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.(Charles F. Kettering)",
"Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.(Robert Kiyosaki)",
"Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success.(Robert Kiyosaki)",
"90% of your plans are going to fail no matter what you do. Get used to it.(Mark Manson)",
"Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.(Vaibhav Shah)",
"In one minute you can change your attitude and in that minute you can change your entire day.(Spencer Johnson)",
"You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity.(Thomas Wolfe)",
"Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.(Joyce Brothers)",
"If you work just for money, you’ll never make it, but if you love what you’re doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.(Ray Kroc)",
"The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost everything.(Warren Buffett)",
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him.(David Brinkley)",
"In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.(Bill Cosby)",
"Don’t be distracted by criticism. Remember–the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you.(Zig Ziglar)",
"Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.(Dalai Lama XIV)",
"Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.(W. Clement Stone)",
"You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.(Jason Mraz)",
"The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.(Aristotle Onassis)",
"I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.(Michael Jordan)",
"I wonder how many times people give up just before a breakthrough – when they are on the very brink of success.(Joyce Meyer)",
"If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.(Jim Henson)",
"If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents. Value what you know and start charging for it.(Kim Garst)",
"I don’t dwell on success. Maybe that’s one reason I’m successful.(Calvin Klein)",
"If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time.(Steve Jobs)",
"Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.(Alexander Graham Bell)",
"At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.(Steve Maraboli)"
"The difference between the novice and the master is that the master has failed more times than the novice has tried.(Koro Sensei)"